`io/lab`: Add remote io exercises (#289)
open-education-hub/operating-systems: content/chapters/io/lab/content/remote-io.md

As you can see, it has no control over who sends data to it.
To get a high-level understanding of how these messages are passed and what other models exist, head over to the [next section](./networking-101.md).

### Practice

1. Use the C sockets API to replicate the behavior of `sender.py` and `receiver.py`.

    Start from the skeleton in `support/send-receive`.
    The workflow is the same: define the endpoint using IP (`localhost`) and port (`5000`), then communicate using `sendto()` and `recvfrom()`.
    We recommend starting with `sender.c` and test it using `receiver.py`, then continue with `receiver.c` and test it using `sender.py`.
    If everything is right, each sender should be able to communicate with each receiver.

> 1. Use the API you've just learned about to fill in the TODOs in `support/receive-challenges/receive_net_dgram_socket.c`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Use the API you've just learned about to fill in the `TODO`s in `support/receive-challenges/receive_net_dgram_socket.c`.
```
